Q- What is limitation in switch case?
A- Switch statement is a powerful statement used to handle many alternatives and provides good presentation for C program.
   But there are some limitations with switch statement which are given below:
    Logical operators cannot be used with switch statement. For instance
    case k>=20:
    is not allowed
    Switch case variables can have only int and char data type. So float or no data type is allowed.
    For instance in the switch syntax given below:
    switch(ch)
    {
    case 1:
    statement-1;
    break;
    case 2:
    statement-2;
    break;
    }
    In this ch can be integer or char and cannot be float or any other data type.
  
Q- Why do we need break in switch case?
A- You can use the break statement to end processing of a particular labeled statement within the switch statement. It branches to the end of the switch statement. 
   Without break , the program continues to the next labeled statement, executing the statements until a break or the end of the statement is reached.
   
Q- why we use for loop when we have while and do.while loops?
A- we use for loop when we know how many times we have to run the loop.

Q- Write a real time scenario when we use do while loop?
A- We use do while loops where we want to run the code atleast once ,regardless of the condition. we can use this in a Menu option ,where menu is atleast shown once,
   before accessing forward.
Q- Write 3 real-life examples where we use infinite while loop?
A- 1) Embedded systems: A cartridge-based video game is an embedded system that uses an infinite loop.
    The game runs an infinite loop until the console is powered off because there is no underlying OS to return to.
   2) Operating systems: OSes are infinite loops that continually check for user input and respond accordingly.
    The loop continues until the device is turned off or reset.
   3) Web servers: Web servers are designed to take a request, return a webpage and then wait indefinitely for the next request.
   
Q- Why do we have do_while loop when while and for loop is available?
A-  The Do - While loop unlike FOR and WHILE loop will execute atleast once, even if the conditions required to execute a loop is not met. 
    this comes in handy in a menu driven program where the termination condition depends upon the end user. This feature of Do- While loop can be very useful,
    hence its availibilty in Java is important.
 
Q- Write difference between while, do.while and for loop?
A- a) FOR Loop : It is known as entry controlled loop ,If the condition is not true first time than control will never enter in a loop.
         Initialization and updating is the part of the syntax.
        (Syntax): For(initialization; condition;updating), {Statements; }.
  
  b) WHILE Loop : It is known as entry controlled loop. If the condition is not true first time than control will never enter in a loop.
        Initialization and updating is not the part of the syntax.
        (Syntax) : While(condition){Statements; }
  
  c) DO - WHILE Loop :It is known as exit controlled loop.Even if the condition is not true for the first time the control will enter in a loop.
       Initialization and updating is not the part of the syntax.
       (Syntax): Syntax: Do { Statements; } While(condition);
 





